---
title: S01E16
---

# S01E16

Hi, Maisy.

Are you having an affair with my husband?

Mistresses were confronted.

Very good to be backWhat’s that?

I’m on house arrest. It’s a condition of my bailHow are you gonna work?

I can’t. I can’t do anything.

The tables were turned.

Good lord, that’s Angela.

And secrets from the past...

I’m afraid you’re mistaken. My wife’s name was Mary alice.

...caught up with everyone.

I’m such an idiot! You’re such a liar.

Oh, and apparently, a killerThroughout even the most respectable of neighborhoods,you can hear the sound of scandal.

Some scandals announce themselves with a shout.

Ida? Ida Greenberg, that is not your paper.

Some with a whisper.

Throw me a 20, and I’ll hook you up with free porn.

And some with a bang.

Get the hell off my lawn!

And once in great while,there comes a scandal so deliciously sordid,its roar drowns out all other noise.

Does your husband have any ideahow many men pay to sleep in this bed?

There’s not a lot of sleeping going on.

Not if I’m doing my job right.

So, how do you wanna get started?

With these.

Well! That’s gonna cost you extra.

Maisy Gibbons, you’re under arrest for solicitation.

What? Please place your hands on the bed.

I’m sorry I’m – I’m gonna have to ask you to leave. Now.

Hey! Get off me!

This is entrapment. You all are making a gigantic mistake.

Yeah, yeah. Hey, fellas, here’s one for your memoirs.

No! No, don’t you touch me! You... Get your hands off me!

Take it easy, Mrs Gibbons.

Yes, the scandalous arrest of Maisy Gibbonswould soon prove to be the shot heard round the world.

Don’t you put me in here.

It is often said that good news travels fast.

But as every housewife knows,bad news moves quite a bit faster.

Tish? You are not going to believe this.

Maisy Gibbons was arrested.

You cannot be serious! Did you hear about Maisy?

Maisy Gibbons running in handcuffs?

I’d have killed to see that!

Stay put. I’ll be right back.

Ladies, please calm down. This is just a precaution.

If you’ll just take a flyer.

Hey, guys. What’s going on?

There’s been an outbreak of head lice.

Head lice?

These flyers detail all the important information,concerning the situation,including the recommended delousing combs.

Delousing. It sounds so disgusting.

Anybody know where it started?

I’m sorry. That’s confidential informationBarcliff maintains a strict no-blame policy.

Guys, over here.

I think parents have a right to knowwho brought this into our school.

Please calm down, ma’am. Our position is thatthere’s nothing to be gained by pointing fingers.

To identify the child who initiated the outbreakmight result in him or her being subjected to ridicule.

I, um... Excuse me.

If you’ll just take a flyer... Stop scratching.

Stop it. Guys, let’s go, ok?

Stop scratching. Stop, stop...

Hey. See you later. Bye.

What the hell...?

Gabrielle! What?

Gabrielle. We got a problem here.

I can’t hear you.

I said, I think we got a problem. The water’s backing up here.

What?

Is that sewage?

Yeah, that’s sewage.

So, uh, Mike, the suspense is killing us.

Why don’t you just tell us the bad news?

Well, your outtake pipe’s completely corroded.

That’s why it collapsed.

I’m going to have to tear it out and repipe the whole system.

And how much is this gonna cost?

I’ll do the job for you at cost,but you’re still looking at 6, 7 grand, minimum.

Ok, we’ll let you know.

Look, um... If money’s an issue...

Oh, no. No, no, no. It’s not the money.

It’s just, uh, Carlos and I are trying to prioritizesome little things we need to do around the house.

All right and, uh, you don’t considersewage backing up in the house a priority?

It’s definitely on the short list.

I’m kind of surprised you called me Why? Well, um, ever since my arrest,nobody around here seems to want to have much to do with me.

Innocent until proven guilty, my man.

Hope he’s more innocent than you are.

Hey, it’s Lynette.

I know you’re down about this Mike thing,but you gotta come to poker. It’ll be worth it.

I got dirt on Maisy Gibbons.

Hey, Susan, it’s me.

Look, I really wish you’d return my callsWe need to talk. I know I messed things...

You ok?

You know I can stay home if you want.

No, no, no. Now, I know how muchyou were looking forward to this weekend with your dad.

I’m fine.

You don’t look fine. Well, a little sad.

Mike and I were just a fling.

Not even a full fling. Sort of a borderline fling.

Mom, anyone can see how much you loved him.

Well, I also loved junk food,and I gave that up, and I survivedThere’s your father. Go have fun.

Last chance. You sure?

I’m sure. Now, go.

You’ll find someone else, mom.

Someone great.

I know it.

What’s wrong, Rex?

Didn’t you enjoy your golf game with Dr. Wallace?

I didn’t play. I’m still feeling sluggish.

Still? Did you talk to him about that?

Of course. He doesn’t know why the medication isn’t working,and he wants me to come in for a checkup tomorrow.

I can see that Tish is making the rounds.

She must have some juicy anecdote.

Yeah, get her over here. I could use a funny story today.

Tish! Tish!

Oh, I can tell by that look on your face you’ve got something good.

Now come on, don’t be selfish.

Well, first off,you’re not friends with Maisy Gibbons, are you?

No. Thank god, because this is too good.

Maisy was arrested.

While Harold was at work,she was having sex with men in her house for moneyCan you imagine?

No. I can’t.

And that’s not even the best partword is she had a little black bookwith all her clients’ namesSo, uh... you think that’ll get out?

Of course. These things always do.

Nancy, wait up. I can’t wait to tell you this.

Well, you heard your funny story, Rex.

Why aren’t you laughing?

I go get it.

Hello? Hi, Tammy. Yeah...

Can we see one of the bugs?

Yeah, here. See?

It’s this little white thing. Look...It looks like aw, jeezIt looks like a sesame seed That’s cool. Yeah, well, there’s lots more where that came from.

No, I’m so sorry. Uh, He must be so disappointedBut, look, we’ll get all the boys togetheronce Topher’s back on his feet.

Bye. What’d Tammy want?

She’s canceling Topher’s birthday party on Sunday.

He’s come down with the measles, so...

Measles, huh?

Yeah.

What?

Tammy Brennan spent a fortuneon Topher’s party.

She’d call in specialists from Switzerlandbefore she’d let it be canceled.

Okay. Why would Tammy lie to us?

Because she saw Porter scratching his head at schools.

They all did, and now word’s getting around.

Why is everything a conspiracy theory with you?

Lots of kids get lice. They’re not that big a dealWell, it is for the rich b-i-t-c-hs at Barcliff academy.

It’s been one day, and they’ve been disinvited to a birthday party.

If rumors start flying,these boys can kiss campouts and pool parties goodbye.

Yeah, not so cool now, huh?

It’s all here. Appraisal,title search, and escrow documents.

Sorry about changing my mindbecause it’s just not a good time to sell the house.

Zach went through a lot, he wants to finish high school before moving.

Forget it, it’s part of the business.

I expect to get screwed over.

Now, where is your house key?

Oh, I must have left it at home. I’ll bring it by tonight.

No one will be here.

Zach’s away on a school trip,and I’m going to Mount Pleasant on business today.

Just, uh, drop it by tomorrow. Or I could just keep it.

What?

It’s a joke Paul. I know your wife’s dead and all,but it’s been six months. Lighten up.

Hello! Felicia.

Oh. Hi, Felicia.

Edie, I found this in my sister’s things.

It has your name on it.

Oh, my necklace!

Oh, you know, I lent this to Martha three months ago.

And she said that it went down the drain.

Oh, I miss how we used to steal things from one another.

So, Felicia, I heard they have a suspectin your sister’s murder.

Mike Delfino? Oh, he didn’t kill her.

They found her jewelry in his garage.

But his fingerprints weren’t on any of it.

That just means he wore gloves.

So, he’s smart enough to use gloves,but he leaves her blood-spattered jewelry lying aroundfor anyone to find?

Please. Is that what you’d do if you killed someone?

I don’t know what goes through the mind of a murderer.

I’m just saying I wouldn’t trust him if I were you.

Edie, that is lovely.

Is it an antique? Yeah. I think so.

I know a store you would love.

It specializes in antique jewelry.

It’s in Salt Lake City.

Have you ever been to Salt Lake City?

No. I try to steer clear of Utah.

It’s a little too conservative for me.

Too bad. Have you ever been, Paul?

No.

It’s lovely. I used to live there when I was a nurse.

You should definitely go some time.

Bye.

With no indoor plumbing,Gabrielle was now forced to improvisewhen it came to her personal hygiene,wherever and whenever she had the opportunity.

Sorry. That’s ok.

I was just about to give a Maisy Gibbons update.

Guys, we should be ashamed of ourselvesfor reveling in that woman’s misery.

That being said, Edie, please continue.

I hear from a very reliable sourcethat Maisy’s gonna cut a deal with the prosecution.

Apparently, she has some high-profile Johnsand the DA’s looking for a second term.

I don’t get it. I don’t get who would pay Maisy for sex.

Obviously someone who’s not getting it at home.

So, the upshot is, Maisy is goingto turn over her little black bookwith all of her clients’ names.

Really?

Can you imagine the fallout when this goes public?

Ooh, blood on the walls.

I’m all in. I’ll call.

Bree?

Uh... What just happened? The stakes were raised.

Yes. Yes, they were.

I fold.

I can’t believe how lucky you were today.

Luck had nothing to do with it.

I had crappy cards, I was bluffing the entire time.

Really? Wow. You’re good.

That’s the only nice thing I can say about my first husband.

He taught me how to bluff. He played poker?

No. He was lousy in bed.

I had to fake a lot of orgasms.

You don’t have to respond. Thank you.

So, uh... Where was Susan today?

Uh... I’m not sure.

Wow. Tom must be great in bed.

Obviously, you have no idea how to bluff.

Ok, she’s going through somethingand I’m sure she’d prefer it to be private.

She’s upset with Mike, isn’t she?

Well, come on. I’m gonna find out sooner or later.

She’s devastated about the break-upand she hasn’t left the house in days.

Well, why didn’t you just tell me that?

Because it’s personalIt’s the kind of thing she would only tell her friends.

I’m Susan’s friend.

Well, I don’t hate her.

If you want me to share stuff with youyou’re going to have to start being more supportive of Susan.

Ok. How?

What do friends do?

They call. They’re sympathetic.

They ask about the pain the other person is going throughand then they listen.

What if you want to be supportive,but you just can’t stand listening to people bitch?

Then it’s good to know how to bluff.

Congratulations. Thank you, thank you.

I know, it’s very exciting.

Thank you.

You know, I really think you do deserve this award...

God, I have to go to the bathroom again.

Go to Bree’s. I’ve been to Bree’s twice today.

Then go to Susan’s. I hate Susan’s.

She has all these weird scented candles.

Her house reeks of apricot.

Hose.

How about Lynette’s?

No, you don’t understand.

I don’t want to go to anybody’s house anymore.

I’m tired of knocking on doorsand making up excusesas to why we haven’t fixed our plumbingWhy are you yelling at me?

Because it’s your fault.

My fault?

Yes. If you hadn’t gotten yourself indicted,we would have pipes right now.

I got indicted trying to make enough money to keep you happy.

In case you hadn’t noticed, you’re a little materialisticOh, I’m materialistic?

When the Johnsons bought their new 7-series,you were the one who went right inand traded in his car for something betterWho ended up driving it?

You know what? I don’t have time to fight right now.

I have laundry to do.

Nurse Abigail?

Mrs. Scavo, right? The twins’ mother?

Yeah. I just wanted to tell youthat the boys are now lice-free.

Good to hear.

I just can’t figure out how it happened.

They get a bath every night. Trust me.

It’s the ugliest 15 minutes of the day.

I believe you.

I keep thinking that maybe it was thepetting zoo that I took them to last week.

That llama was really iffy.

Mrs. Scavo, it doesn’t work that way.

Lice only spreads from human to human.

Even the cleanest kid in the world can get itif he gets too close to the wrong kid.

Really? Yes.

So don’t be so hard on yourself. I guess.

Still, I can’t help but feel a little guilty.

After all, my kids started an entire lice outbreak.

Look, your, uh... your kids didn’t start it.

They didn’t?

No. I know for a fact that patient zero was another little boy.

This is his fourth time with this particular problem.

That’s a load off my mind.

Well, thank you.

So which kid is it? I can’t tell you.

You know we have a no-blame policy.

We have to protect the children. You understand.

Of course.

No, I don’t. You’re gonna have to give me a name.

Mrs. Scavo... Here’s the thing.

Acting like parents won’t assign blameis like pretending they don’t keep score at pee wee league games.

It’s human nature.

If you don’t give the mob someone to blame,they’ll pick a scapegoat.

I can’t let my boys be the scapegoat.

Don’t put me in this position. I’m begging you.

They’ve been uninvited from a party.

A really big birthday party,with a bouncy house, a hotdog stand and a clown.

I wish I could help you.

For god’s sake, there’s gonna be a magician!

Tammy Brennan went all out.

Tammy Brennan? Topher’s mother?

Yes.

Well, isn’t that interesting? Have a seat.

Meanwhile, at the Fairview county prison,Maisy Gibbons was delighted to find outshe had a visitor.

But she was soon reminded,one should always beware of visitorsbearing gift baskets.

You’ve gotta be kidding me.

Hello, Maisy.

Ta-da!

Stuff like this is why I love you.

So, what brings you here?

I need a favor.

I thought as much.

I heard that there’s a little black bookwith the name of your clients in it.

There is.

I was wondering if, perhaps,you could remove Rex’s name from that little book?

Wow. That’s a big favor.

Those muffins’d better be really good.

I have some money that I’ve been putting aside for emergencies.

It can be all yours, if you just...

Keep my mouth shut?

Continue to be discreet.

Gosh, I don’t know.

I don’t think it’s asking that much.

All you need to do is remove one little name.

But if I do it for you,then I have to do it for all the other wives.

That wouldn’t be fair, now, would it?

Maisy, please. I mean, we used to be good friends.

Where were you when Harold lost his job a year ago, huh?

Did you stop by to see if there was anything you could do?

Did you bring a basket of baked goodswhen you knew we couldn’t even pay our bills?

If you did, those displays of friendshipseem to have slipped my mind.

Maisy, I didn’t mention it when you werehaving financial troubles because...

I thought it would embarrass you.

Yes, I would’ve been embarrassed.

But it would have been a whole lot better than the silence.

I have $ 14,000 in that account. It can all be yours.

I’m not interested.

But you do get credit for one thing.

You came to visit me,even if it was for an ulterior motive.

None of the other girls from the club bothered.

I’ve been abandoned.

Guess that’s what happens when you become the town whore.

Oh, sweetie, they didn’t abandon youbecause you’re a whore.

They abandoned you because youweren’t all that nice to begin with.

Who is it? It’s Edie.

Edie, not now. I’m kind of busy.

Or just come on in.

What are you doing?

I decided that my life is way too complicated.

And so I’m simplifying.

I am getting rid of the clutter.

I was on vacation. Made sense at the time.

Ok, not to be rude, but is there a reason you’re here?

Look... I feel badly about what you’re going through with Mike.

Don’t worry, I’m not gonna date him.

It doesn’t matter anymore.

Well, don’t get me wrong.

I still have every intention of sleeping with him.

Some mountains are just meant to be climbed.

I gotta learn to keep my doors locked.

How long have you been sitting here?

I don’t know. Five minutes, give or take three hours?

That’s it. Get up. Get dressed.

Why? Because you’re coming with me.

It’s time to get wasted.

Happy hour started 45 minutes ago.

Why would I go anywhere with you?

That’s what normal women do when they get depressed.

They put on short skirts, they go to bars with their girlfriends,maybe have one too many and then make out with a strange manin the back of a dark alley.

Come on. It’ll be fun.

I swear. Come on.

Come on! Why do you even care?

I never said I cared.

It’s just...

Well, I guess I know what it’s liketo have your heart stomped on.

Ok. All right. Gimme a minute.

I’ll go change my clothes.

And don’t forget to do something with that skanky hair.

You’re a little scary looking.

Ah! What about him?

Not my type.

The pickin’s are slim,but isn’t there someone here you’re attracted to?

I hate ’em all. Look at ’em just leering at us.

They’re so cocky.

Like they know they have the upper hand.

What are you taliking about? We have the upper hand.

Without us, they have nothing.

Maybe 15 years ago. Not anymore.

Now we’re just lonely and desperate.

And they know it. And they just sit there,ready to pounce,waiting for us to take any crumbthey’re willing to throw our way.

I don’t want crumbs. I want Mike.

Hi. Um, I’m gonna be spending the whole night with her,so I’m gonna be needing a lot more of these.

I’m sorry. It’s just so hard to find a guy like Mike.

I know in my heart he didn’t kill Mrs. Huber.

Ok. Let’s say Mike’s a peach.

And he didn’t kill Martha. Who did?

I don’t know.

Obviously, a bad guy.

Somebody really awful. Somebody like...

Somebody like Paul Young.

Paul?

Are you serious? I’m telling you, he’s hiding something.

He clams up every time we try toask him about Mary Alice.

And then when we found out about Dana...

Who’s Dana?

Paul and Mary Alice had a baby that died.

You’re kidding.

Zach killed her. Wholy crap. Who told you that?

Paul. He said it was an accident.

But I’m telling you, I think that’s why Mary Alicewas being blackmailed.

Mary Alice was being blackmailed? Yeah.

The girls and I found a threatening note in her stuff.

What the hell kind of street do we live on?

I don’t know.

Come to think of it, the other day,Paul was talking to Feliciaand he was working overtimetrying to make Mike sound guilty.

See? Shifting blame onto someone else.

That’s classic criminal behavior.

Oh, I’m telling you, he’s up to no good.

Zach and Paul are out of town.

Maybe we should sneak into their house and do some snooping.

I have a key.

Oh, my god. Yes, we should do that.

Come on, I was just kidding.

No, Eddie. This is our chance.

We should just go in for ten minutes.

Susan, that’s breaking and entering.

Martha Huber was your best friend.

If we could find out who really killed her,wouldn’t that be worth the risk?

Have a nice evening. Thank you.

Serena, hi. How are you?

I talked to Dr. Wallace today.

He still has no idea why the medication’s not working.

He told me he’s thinking of running more tests.

I told him I’m thinking about getting a second opinion.

Rex, this might sound silly,but are people staring at us?

Yeah. What’s going on?

Well, I could be wrong,but I suspect that Maisy Gibbons’ client listhas been released.

You think they’re laughing at us?

No, I think they’re laughing at you.

I think they feel sorry for me, which is just as mortifying. What are we gonna do?

We’re gonna act like nothing is happening.

And then when we’ve finished eating,we’re going to walk out of here with allthe dignity that we can muster.

Please. Let’s go now.

Oh, no, I refuse to give them this kind of satisfaction.

Open your menu.

Everybody’s staring. Bree, it’s humiliating.

Well, you should’ve thought of thatbefore you left a personal check on Maisy’s nightstand.

All right. You stay here if you want to. I’m leaving.

Rex! If you walk out of this restaurant, I will scream.

Bree... I will scream about your cruelty,I will scream about your infidelity.

And then just to make sure it really hurts,I will scream about your distasteful sexual habits.

You want to know what true humiliation is,you just take one step.

So, what are you having? The veal looks good.

So what are we looking for exactly?

An embroidered pillow that says ”I killed Martha Huber”?

I don’t know. Just something... suspicious.

Mmm. Smells expensive.

Do you believe in evil, Edie?

Of course I believe in evil. I work in real estate.

I’m serious.

Something about this house that’s just so cold and creepy.

You couldn’t tell when Mary Alice was alive.

She just brought so much warmth and light.

Now there’s something...

that I just taste it, can’t you sense it?

The only thing I can sense is thatyou’ve had too much to drink.

Something happened in this house,something so awful we can’t even imagine it.

Ow! Son of a bitch! Are you ok?

I just stubbed my toe.

Oh, my god! Angela.

Angela, that’s what Mary Alice used to call herself.

What are you talking about?

We heard it on this tapethat Bree stole from her therapist’s office.

It’s a long story. I’ll tell you later.

We gotta pop this in.

What was that? I think it’s Paul.

You said he was gonna be gone.

Well, I guess I was wrong.

Hurry! I gotta get the tape.

Hide!

Paul.

Eddie! God, you scared me.

I’m sorry.

I see that you, uh, made it back from Mount Pleasant.

Yes. What... what are you doing here?

I came by to bring you your key.

I was just about to leave you a note.

You’re returning my key at 11.30 at night?

What the hell is going on here?

You’re right.

We’re too old to be playing games.

What?

My note was gonna tell you that I, um...

I... I wasn’t kidding this afternoon.

I really would like to keep a key to your place,to use if the mood strikes me.

You’ve been drinking.

Just enough to get up the courageto tell you how I feel about you.

Ok, well, obviously you’re uncomfortable about this.

So, I’m really sorryif I embarrassed you.

Here... Here’s your key.

I’ll see you around.

Edie. Um, I’m not embarrassed.

If anything, I’m flattered.

Susan, Susan, talk to me.

Mike, it’s not a good time.

I’m a little drunk and a little freaked out.

You haven’t returned my messages.

We’ve broken up. I thought I made that pretty clear.

No, come on.

Can’t we work this out?

You lied to me.

When? When did I lie to you?

The police showed me your rap sheet.

You killed a man.

You can believe I’m a some cold-blooded killer?

No. Of course I don’t believe that.

But I also didn’t believe Karl was gotta cheat on me.

I didn’t believe Mary Alice would kill herself.

I mean, blind faith is not my friend.

I was gonna tell you.

But just there wasn’t a right moment.

See, now that’s a lie, too.

Because there were plenty of right moments.

Susan.

Everytime when we went for pizza, you could’ve said,”By the way, I once killed a man”.

Or when you said,”Let’s go jogging”, you could’ve said,”By the way, I once killed a man”.

Every time we went to the movies, and the hero shot the bad guy,you could turn to me and say”By the way, I did that once”.

You didn’t.

Do you want to hear what happened or not?

It doesn’t matter.

Because I will never believe anything you say ever again.

Well, at the very least you can believe that.

Occupied!

Carlos, I have to go.

You’ll have to wait.

Why should I have to wait? It’s my port-a-potty.

What do you mean it’s yours?

I’m the one who stole it.

Babe, I’m sorry. You’re just gonna have to wait.

Thank you so much, Bree.

Seeing your tile has really helped me make my decision.

Next time I remodel, I am using limestone.

Gabrielle, is everything ok?

Sure. Why?

Well, it’s just that you’ve been acting kind of oddly late.

In what way?

You keep coming up with excusesto use everyone’s bathroom.

And then two days ago Mr. Cawley looked into your back yard,and saw you and Carlos doing your laundry in the Jacuzzi.

Well, uh... there’s a simple explanation for that. I, um...

Are you and Carlos having some sort of money trouble?

Gaby, it’s ok if you are.

Is that so?

Yes. And to tell you the truth, I’m a little insulted.

I am a good friend.

Why would you feel like you have to hide that from me?

I don’t know.

Probably for the same reason you didn’t tell meRex was one of Maisy’s clients.

That is obviously different.

Why?

Because it happened to you?

Bree, this is how I see it.

Good friends support each other after they’ve been humiliated.

Great friends pretend nothing happened in the first place.

Well, then, good luck on your remodel.

And please tell Rex I said hello.

Hey, Tammy.

Lynette!

I see Topher’s made a speedy recovery.

Can we go play?

Yeah, sure, boys. Have fun.

Let’s go play in the bounce house.

All right, you caught me.

I lied.

But you should have some nerve crashing ata six-year-old’s birthday party.

Just so you know,I got Topher a set of Bongo Drums.

I know you’ll love them as much as he will.

Charlie, come out.

I don’t want you playing with those Scavo boys.

Mona, please!

I’m sure they’re clean.

You are not ruining my party.

Porter. Preston.

Ok, out, out, out.

Come on. Porter. Preston. Let’s go.

Not quite yet.

Boys, keep bouncing.

That’s right, keep bouncing.

Oh, by the way,I spoke to nurse Abigail.

I know who patient zero is.

All right, that’s it,kids. Get out.

Out, out, out! Go! Go!

How could you do that?

Look, this party meant everything to Topher.

I couldn’t risk people not showing up.

He would be davastated.I had to do something.

And the best you could come up withwas letting my kids take the fall?

Hey, I hadn’t said anything.

People were already suspicious.

Oh, please. Yeah, it’s true.

Your boys aren’t the cleanest kids on the planet.

That was not a smart thing to say. Where are you going?

I’m going to tell the truth to every mother out there.

And then I’m gonna take back the bongos.

No, wait! Ok, all right.

Uh, look, I was wrong. I admit it.

I admit I’m really really sorry. Too little, too late.

Ok. I’ll... I’ll tell everyone that I was wrong.

That your kids aren’t the ones.

Please. I’m begging you.

Well, why are you standing there? Get to it.

Bree, hi.

What’s up?

Well, um... I’ve been doing some thinking.

Rex and I have been membersof the Fairview country club for yearsBut lately it seems to have lost some of its exclusivity.

And so, I’ve decided not to renew our membership.

I’d rather see the money go to someone I care about.

Oh, Bree, I... I can’t take that.

Gaby, this is the way I see it.

Good friends offer to help in a crisis.

Great friends don’t take no for an answer.

We’re gonna pay you back every cent. I promise.

Take your time.

Yes, everyone loves a scandal,no matter how big or small.

After all, what could be more entertainingthan watching the downfall of the high and mighty?

What could be more amusingthan the public exposure of hypocritical sinners?

Yes, everyone loves a scandal.

And if for some reason you’re not enjoying the latest one...

Well, the next oneis always around the corner.
