---
title: S01E09
---

# S01E09

One was careless...

You put a woman into a coma.

Surely, that arouses some emotion. Well, it doesn’t.

You and I are finished.

One said goodbye.

I’m tired of feeling like a failure.

One almost lost it.

Your wife didn’t kill herself because of my note,she killed herself because of what she did to that poor baby.

And one got exactly what she deserved.

Gabrielle was waiting for her next great idea.

Her first great idea came when she was 15,after her stepfather paid her a late-night visit.

She bought a bus ticket to New Yorkthe very next day.

Her next occurred five years later,when she decided to seducea famous fashion photographer.

One week later she began her careeras a runway model,which soon led to her next great idea,her decision to marry Carlos Solis.

Before she knew it,she had jumped off the runway and moved to the suburbs.

Her most recent great idea was bornout of her boredom with her new life.

That’s how she came tostart an affair with her teenage gardener,which was cut short by a tragic accident.

So, once again, Gabrielle wasin need of a great idea.

Mrs. Solis, I know you’re worried,but it’s gonna take time.

Hm? What is?

You look sad.

I assumed you were thinking about your mother-in-law.

Oh, no. So, uh, what were you thinking about?

My life.

It hasn’t turned out like I thought it would.

Oh, honey. Oh, no. I know I shouldn’t complain.

It’s just there’s something missingand I don’t know what it is.

Do you ever feel that way? No.

When I go home at night, I sleep like a baby.

’Cause I know I did somethingthat day that helped people.

That must be a nice feeling. Hm. It is.

There’s times I wish I didn’t have to work so hard.

We got a nursing shortage and they cut our budget.

Attention, all available personnel.

Code blue, stat, room 214.

Excuse me. All available personnel.

Code blue, stat, room 214.

Damned! Get a doctor in here. I don’t have an airway.

No time. I have to intubate.

Mr. Getz. Mr. Getz, listen.

You’re not dying on me, ok?

This tube is to help you breathe.

I need you to be brave now.

It was then that Gabrielle got her next great idea.

She decided to throw the first annualSacred Heart charity fashion showto raise money for more nursing staff.

Gaby, I can’t do it.

I cannot walk down a runway in one of these dresses.

They all make me look so fat.

Please get someone to take my place.

Listen, Betty! Ok? You’re not quitting on me now.

We’ll find you a gown that’s blackand slimming and you’ll look great.

I need you to be brave now. Ok.

And that night when she went to bed,Gabrielle slept like a baby.

News of the fashion showspread quickly on Wisteria Lane.

Though the event was for charity,Gabrielle soon discoveredwhen it came to the latest fashions,women are seldom charitable.

No one knew this better than Edie Britt.

She understood thattreachery never goes out of style.

Susan. Give me the dress.

I gave it a shot.

Hi, Helen. How’s the dress fitting?

Great. Maybe it could be taken outin the shoulder a little.

Sure. No problem.

There you go.

You know, Gabrielle, I never thanked you properly.

For what? For what you did for my son.

It was so nice of you to hire John as your gardener.

Believe me, it’s been my pleasure.

How’s he doing? Good, good.

I hear he’s dating Danielle Van de Kamp.

For now.

It’s just a matter of time before they break up for good.

What’s wrong?

She just seems to want much moreof a relationship than he does.

You remember what it was like dating teenage boys.

Vaguely. Thank you.

No, you tell Tanaka that if he doesn’t call meI’m gonna go down to his office,find him and kick his ass!

Ladies.

Trouble at work? I don’t know what’s the problem.

He’s making money left and right.

I just wish he’d relax.

Crap, crap, crap!

I’m telling you, all of the good dresses are taken.

Now, what the hell am I supposed to wear?

Well, Mrs. Huber never showed up.

Why don’t you wear this one?

This is an old-lady dress.

You won’t even be able to see my body.

That is so like you, Edie.

You’re always thinking of others.

So why isn’t Mrs. Huber here?

Last I heard, she went to visit her sister.

I just can’t believe thatMartha would agree to wear this.

She always says she’d never be caught dead in black.

Sadly for Mrs. Huber, this was no longer the case.

Hey, mom.

Julie, you got a letter from Zach.

Isn’t that weird, him writing you? Yeah.

Well, open. Open, open.

He could have said something about Dana.

I’ll read it later.

Later? What’s wrong with now?

I’ve got tons of homework, mom.

Julie, what’s going on?

This isn’t the first letter from Zach.

We’ve been writing each other the last couple of weeks.

Are you mad?

No. Just when I was your age,my pen pal lived on a farm in Ohio,not in a mental institution.

You know, that letter is one notch above prison mail.

Zach’s not crazy.

He’s just upset over his mom,and his dad doesn’t even seem to care.

He just... needs a friend.

I’ve packed the diapers,I’m getting the juice boxes and carrot sticks...

Sunscreen? Got it.

I go pick up the boys, we hit the park,and that should give you a good couple of hours.

Enjoy the vacation.

What?

While you’re gone, I’ll be paying billsand sorting laundry and cooking dinner.

So what part of that sounds like a vacation?

Ok, right. We’ll pick up dinner.

You just take a hot bath, relax, recharge.

Ok, I get it.

It’s gonna take more than a hot bath to recharge.

But don’t forget, I’m here all week.

Then what?

And then we go back to normal?

Tom, our last version of normalhad me popping pills.

Normal is a bad, bad plan.

We’ll put our heads togetherand come up with a solution.

I think we need to hire a nanny full time.

God, it’s just such a big commitment. I know.

And I know we can’t afford it.

And I know everything that’s happened is my fault,but if I don’t get some help,there’s an excellent chance I will lose my mind.

Ok. Well, then, we have to make it work.

Next up200-meter frestyle.

It’s just not right. What?

A woman is in a coma because of Andrew,and there he is, happy as a clam.

We grounded him, took away the TV in his room.

How many more ways you wanna punish him?

Swimmers, take your marks.

I think we should make him quit the swim team.

Bree, this is the one thingin his life that he’s passionate about.

Maybe if we take it away from him,and he’ll start to understand what he did.

He has not shown an ounce of remorse since the accident.

Of course he feels bad. He’s just keeping up a facade.

Well, he’s doing a fabulous job.

If we take him off the team,He’ll lose his shot at a scholarshipand he’s never gonna forgive us.

Well, if it ensures he grows up with some trace of humanity,that’s a risk I am willing to take.

Well, I’m not.

That because you just don’t love him as much as I do.

Isn’t that nice?

It’s a fact. I’m his mother.

He lived inside of me.

He hung out in your womb back in the ’80s.

Since than I have grown to love him as much as you.

What just happened?

That kid you both love so much, just won the race.

That’s what she tells me, anyway.

John.

My mom said you needed volunteers, so I volunteered.

Finally got the charity bug?

You sound surprised.

No, not really. You were always a giver.

Would you knock it off? My mom’s right over there.

Have a seat.

You can start by helping us alphabetize the donation cards.

So, word on the street is you and Danielle might break up.

Maybe. I don’t know.

Is that because of me?

Not everything is about you.

Would you stop that? Have you been thinking about me?

No. Really?

Could have fooled me.

Hey. Do you need any help? Please. Just pull up a chair.

Oh, gosh. That’s ok. I got it.

Susan, hi. Do you want to help with the seating cards?

Sure, do you want to tell me why youhad your foot in John Rowland’s crotch yesterday?

Oh, that. He was helping me adjust the seam in my stocking,and from your angle it must have looked a little weird.

You’re sleeping with him, aren’t you?

Ok, yes, but you have to promise not to tell anybody.

Gabrielle, he’s in high school,and... it’s illegal and you’re married.

If Carlos found out, this would kill him.

It’s just sex. It’s totally harmless.

How can you call something like this harmlessafter everything you know about I went through with Karl?

This isn’t about you. Yes, it is.

It’s about me and about every other person who wasscrewed over by somebody they loved.

When Karl ran off with Brandiyou saw what a basket case I was.

I was crying,I was tearing up his clothes.

I couldn’t get out of bed all day.

You were there.

How could you do the same?

How can you compare me to Karl? That’s not fair.

You have no idea about my life.

Why don’t you enlighten me.

You’re beautiful, you have money than you can spendand you have a husband who adores you.

No, he doesn’t adore me. He adores having me.

That’s a rationalization and you know it.

I’ll see you at the show.

Ok, honey, in you go. Hey, there.

How many nannies did you interview? Ten. Ten!

Each one more incompetent than the last.

One asked me... There you go...

If she was expected to change diapers.

Good nannies are so hard to find.

That’s why I hoped to take advantage of your expertise.

Oh, lord. What do you want me to do?

All your rich friends have nannies, a-list nannies.

I need to catch one without their bosses.

Why? So I can poach me one.

Lynette!

At my old job we didn’t wait for good people to come to us.

We went out and raided other companies.

It’s no different with hiring a nanny.

I understand that good help is hard to find,but stealing a family’s nanny is so unseemly.

I’m not twisting anyone’s arm. If I make a better offer,why shouldn’t a qualified person reap the benefits?

So, come on, where can I score some high-grade nanny?

Hey, Mrs. Solis. I have some awesome news.

I have some not-so-awesome news. You go first.

I broke it off with Danielle.

I passed her a note during French class.

So we can be together.

John, your timing is impeccable. What do you mean?

Susan Mayer saw us last night,and she knows everything.

Since the accident, Bree had started to worryher son’s sense of morality was going up in smoke.

She was right to be concerned.

Andrew? Can I come in?

Uh, yeah. Just a sec.

Hey, what’s up?

Why are you smiling?

It’s just a... joke that I heard.

Oh. What was it about? Well, it’s kind of dirty, mom.

Charming. What I was wondering isif you’ve bothered to spend any time reflecting onthe reasons that you’ve been groundedand the pain you’ve caused the Solis family.

Yeah. I totally get how my actionshave affected, like, everything else.

Really?

I mean, you know, like, when I do something like I did,then you gotta do something like you did,which is, you know, it’s cool,Because... Then everything just kind of balances itself outand... and goes all smooth again.

You know? No, I don’t.

What’s that smell?

Have you been smoking marijuana?

No, of course not. You are strung out!

No! no, no, no, mom. Excuse me.

What’s that? The container you’ll urinate into.

Come on. Ow! ow! ow, that hurts!

Dr. Sicher, what are you doing here?

Mr. Young, I didn’t want to upset youby telling you over the phone.

What is it? Zach is missing from Silvercrest.

It happened yesterday evening,we think during the shift change.

I know this is difficult to hear. I’m sorry.

Yeah, well, uh, it’s just been one of those days.

I still don’t get why you’re not with Danielle any more.

She looked so slutty at Ray’s party.

She’s not my type, I guess.

You still hung up on your mysterious married lady?

What is it with her? Besides the obvious, of course.

We talk about real stuff.

She doesn’t treat me like some lame yard boy.

But you are a lame yard boy.

It’s all messed up now anyway.

Her friend found out about us.

If it gets out, her husband’s gonna kill me.

On the upside,your social status at school is going to explodewhen people find out you’re doing a hot housewife.

Shut up, dude.

Please explain to me how he could just walk out.

With the money I pay, you can afford a padlock.

With all due respect, we are not a high-security facility,and you restrict our ability to treat Zach.

What the hell does that mean?

You insist we medicate him without psychotherapy,that is a recipe for disaster.

Zach is a troubled young man,and he’s getting progressively worse.

Hungry?

I’m starving.

Bree had given Lynette the low-down on Valley View Park.

It was a gathering place for upscale nanniesand their young charges.

It was Lynette’s first time there,and she was determined not to go home alone.

Of course, Lynette had high standards,so making a connection...

...wasn’t easy.

Still, she was desperate to find that special someone.

And that’s exactly who she found.

Ok. All right.

Here’s one for you, and one for Amy.

All right, have fun,and I’ll be right here if you need me, ok?

From the moment she saw her...

Is this seat taken? No, go ahead.

...Lynette knew she had to have her.

You are wonderful with those children.

Thanks.

I’m Lynette. Claire.

Claire? I always loved that name.

So, Claire...

Do you come here often?

What’s this? Your son’s urine.

I’m gonna need a moment.

I think Andrew has been smoking marijuana.

So I want you to take this and get it tested right away.

Why?

Because I want to pull him from the swim team.

And I don’t think they will allow it without proof.

Proof or no proof. You’re not taking him off the team.

Yes, I am.

If you try, I’m gonna go to the coachand tell him to ignore you.

We’re not gonna screw up Andrew’s future,because he sparked a doobie.

I mean, come on, we’ve all done it. Not all of us.

Rex, I thought you moved back hometo try straighten Andrew out,To teach him the consequences of his actions.

I don’t understand why are you fighting me on this?

Because I disagree.

Because we’re still getting divorced.

And I don’t have to let you push me around any more.

I never pushed you around.

We always made our decisions together.

No, you always make decisions then tell me I agree.

18 years of smiling and taking it.

What a liar I was.

Thank god you’re out of my life. Rex...

What are you doing?

Same thing you just did to every memory I have of our marriage.

You know what? If you were my mom, I’d smoke pot too!

So your boss made you return her underwear?

Yeah. After she had already worn them once.

Couldn’t you have just said no?

You don’t say no to Alexis... If you want to keep your job.

She sounds awful.

What can I do? I love the kids.

If we had a nanny like you in my house,we would treat her like gold.

Did I mention I have four very lovable kids?

Really? Oh, yes.

Claire! Oh, no.

What? It’s Alexis.

I don’t want her to get the wrong idea. So you should go.

Are you gonna be here tomorrow?

I wanna see you again. No, I’m busy.

I just want to talk.

Lynette, this isn’t right.

Claire, please.

All right. I will be at this address until noon tomorrow.

Now go.

Ok.

Hi. Where are the kids?

What are you doing here? I know you know.

And you’re probably freaking out,so I just wanted to explain.

What me and Mrs. Solis have, it’s deep, you know?

We’ve got a future. It’s not just sex.

Listen to me. There is no future for you and Gabrielle.

She’s not gonna divorce Carlos and run away with you.

Why not? Because he has money, a lot of it.

I’m not gonna be mowing lawns for ever. I have big plans.

Just stop talking. John, how old are you?

Almost 18. Exactly.

You are not mature enoughto have a realistic perspective on this relationship.

You would be much happier with a girl your own age.

She’s the one I want.

You know, I really love her.

Please welcome Mrs. Arlene Nord.

We have Arlene and Norris to thankfor all our folding chairs.

So, please remember, for all your folding chair needs...Rent Nords.

Next up, we have Mrs. Betty Nolan!

Thank god Tom could fill in in the last minute.

Why did Carlos have to back out?

Some work emergency. He wouldn’t talk about it.

Sometimes I could just kill him.

Oh, look on the bright side. Tom’s having the time of his life.

Hands off, fellas. She’s all mine.

I guess he does sort of have a dorky charm.

Ok, Bree, you’re up first, followed by Lynette,and then Edie. Edie?

Where’s Edie Britt? Over here.

Edie, what did you do to that dress?

Well, I made it audience friendly.

Can you tell I’m not wearing underwear?

Yes. Good.

Sorry I’m late.

You should never take this dress off for your entire life.

Really? I look ok?

Oh, Susan, you look so gorgeous.

Doesn’t she, Edie? Ah... It’s a bit much.

Gabrielle. You have to change the line-up.

Susan has to go last.

Nothing is gonna top this.

Oh, no. Isn’t Helen Rowland going last?

She never showed up. Somebody gonna take this place.

I think that’s a great idea. Ok, let’s go.

You really do look fantastic.

Next up, we have Mrs. Bree Van de Kampin a pink party dresswith laser cut, full skirt and silk belt.

Here is another exquisite ball gown by Halston,modeled by the devastatingly sexy Lynette Scavo.

Notice the fine detail, the clean lines.

The dresser is nice, too.

Next up, please welcome Edie...

...Britt.

Edie Britt!

Please tell Gabrielle I’m sorry I backed out of the show.

I’m just not in a very festive mood right now.

Helen! Helen, you’re here.

Did they tell you about the change in line-up?

I’m gonna go last. If that’s ok.

There’s a special place in hell for people like you.

I’m sorry. It wasn’t my decision.

You’re an adult. Take some responsibility!

What is wrong with you?

She is wearing a dignified classic,perfect for a Sunday tea or christening.

For god’s sake, Helen, this is for charity!

Edie Britt, everyone!

Keep your hands off my son! What?

And finally, to cap off our evening...

Come on, you’re up.

...Please welcome the radiant Susan Mayer.

Tom, say something!

A vision in white silk...

chiffon with gold, hand-beaded French laceand lavender marabou.

Susan Mayer!

She’s never looked better.

Susan, I feel awful about what happened.

Susan, talk to me.

Ok, you want me to talk? You’re gonna find Helen Rowlandand you gonna tell her the truthbefore everyone in the neighbour thinksI’m the one sleeping with an underage boy.

I can’t do that. Why not?

Because she will tell Carlos and he will divorce me?

So what?

You obviously don’t love him.

I do love him. I do. It’s just... complicated.

You know, there’s gotta be another way to fix this.

God, you are so weak.

Susan, don’t be like this.

What did you expect? A hug?

Hey... Shh! Alexis is still here.

She was supposed to go to Pilates,but she got her period. You gonna go.

Give me a second.

No. She saw you at the park.

She knows what you’re trying to do.

You’re not the first who approach me.

Claire!

How can you stay here after the way she treats you?

She can be tough, but it comes with the territory.

I would never treat you that way.

Claire what did you do with the aspirin?

I will give you a 20 per cent bumpon what she’s paying, you plus overtime.

Dammit, Claire! Where the hell are you?

I don’t take orders from your friendsI’m not a telephone answering serviceand I don’t do laundry.

Dishes? Only the kids’.

How fast can you pack?

I got a nanny!

Where are you gonna go? I don’t know.

But I can’t go home.

Are you afraid of your dad? No. It’s not him.

It’s... It’s me.

My life is really messed up. It’s bad.

What’s bad? You can tell me. No, I can’t!

It’s better that you don’t know.

I already know a little.

Hi, Danielle. How was school? It was ok.

Good. Where does Andrew keep his marijuana?

Bree had resorted to extreme measures to save her son’s soul.

As she rummaged through Andrew’s private possessions,it occurred to her that sometimes a little betrayal...

is good for the soul.

I was really young, like four.

I heard my mom and my dad yelling.

I heard ’em yell my name... and hers.

Dana? Mm-hm.

So... I went down to the room and I saw them cleaning it up.

Cleaning what up?

Blood.

Was it Dana’s?

I think so.

I couldn’t remember this for the longest time,and then my mom killed herselfand I started having these dreams.

I don’t even see Dana. I just... I see the bloodand my mom picking me up and putting me on my bedwhispering that it’s not my fault.

And after that, every time I’d say her name,they’d get upset.

So I wasn’t even allowed to say it any more.

I’m not sure I understand what you’re saying.

I killed my baby sister.

Zach, oh, my god.

And they buried her to protect me.

Helen, do you have a minute? Oh, Gabrielle.

I didn’t tell you how sorry I was aboutwhat happened to the fundraise.

I didn’t intend to cause a scene.

No, it’s okay. People didn’t even notice.

This is a little awkward.

I know you’re friends with Susan Mayer.

But let’s just say I had my reasons.

It wasn’t Susan.

It was me.

What?

I’m the one who was sleeping with your son.

I’m so sorry.

For how long?

Almost a year. But it’s over now.

So when it started,he was... 16?

I think.

But, Helen, you have to believe me, it’s over now.

No, you’re wrong. It’s not even close to being over.

Dude, coach wants to see you. Really?

Hey, I bet it’s about my scholarship.

Hello?

Yes, this is she.

Marijuana in his locker? Oh, I’m just horrified.

There must be some sort of terrible mistake.

Um, yeah, ok. Well, I will be right down.

Elsewhere, another darker secret wasthe object of an investigation.

Mr. Linder? Mr. Linder?

Detective Beckerman.

This is detective Burnett.

We were hoping for a minute of your time.

If you know anything about Zach’s whereabouts,you need to tell me now.

Honey, what’s going on?

Zach’s gone from Silvercrest.

They found letters in his room from Julie.

They were writing to each other.

I need to see those letters.

Mom... They’re private.

My son is missing.

Julie, in the letters, did zach sayanything about running away?

No.

There’s your answer. Susan...

If we hear anything, I will let you know right away.

I understand how worried you must be.

Obviously you don’t.

Paul, my daughter doesn’t lie.

This was a very popular design.

I must have soldseveral hundred of these just like it, ten years back.

Do you keep any documentation?

I have a list of customers’ names on the file.

Somewhere. It’s been a while.

We’ll need a copy of that list.

Oh, sure. Wow, this chest looks like it’s been through hell.

We pulled it out of Rockwater lake,you could say by way of hell, considering.

Was there anything in the chest?

It had a body inside. Adult female.

Yeah, but how do you fit a body into a chest that size?

It was chopped up.

Of all the stupid, boneheaded decisions.

What were you thinking?

I was set up. The coach got an anonymous phone call.

Andrew, what does it matter? The pot was there.

I was holding it for a friend. You know...

I can’t decide which is more humiliating,the fact that my son got caught with pot in his lockeror that he can’t even come up witha decent enough lie to explain it.

Gabrielle believed there was a excellent chanceHelen Rowland would inform Carlos ofhis wife’s extramarital activities.

Gabrielle knew she had to come clean.

Carlos? Yeah?

But coming clean...

I, uh...

...Was not one of Gabrielle’s specialties.

I’m going to bed. Thanks for the newsflash.

She turned me in!

Carlos. Carlos, I’m so sorry.

I am so sorry. Sorry for what?

Just know that whatever happens, I love you very, very much.

F.B.I. Open the door. Oh, my god.

F.B.I. If you do not open the door,I am authorized to enter the premises by use of force.

Carlos Solis, I have a warrant for your arrest.

You have the right to remain silent.

Anything you say can be used against you.

Call our lawyer.

Carlos, what’s happening?

If you cannot afford a lawyer,one will be appointed for you, the government spenceCarlos, wait!

Gabrielle, this will all be taken care of, I promise.

I’m innocent, I swear to god. It was Tanaka. He set me up.

People are complicated creatures,on the one hand able to perform great acts of charity,on the other,capable of the most underhanded forms of betrayal.

It’s a constant battle that rages within all of us,betwen the better angels of our natureand the temptation of our inner demons.

And sometimes the only way to ward off the darkness...

...is to shine the light of compassion.

They took him away in... handcuffs.
